remember the vinyl records that
fell into disuse with the arrival of CB
because it is after an out of fashion time
they are back a record company
replaced the format on the market with a
national pop rock collection
good news for those who do not know
accustomed to the sound of digital media
the record players are prominent in the
home of the journalist bento araújo he is
passionate about music and fanatic about
Vinyl's Discs
the first lp was acquired in 1984
album is from the band scorpions inside had
seven years
some international bands came from
brazil beginning of years 80
the first contact was with that in 81
soon I'll scratch and quiz you later
had the tire first edition in January
85 then this caused a huge furor
between the kids there at the time and
a lot of people started listening to rock and enjoy
collects discs and that's when I started
today the collection has approximately 3 thousand
titles and many rarities like this
Tones Original flights 1967 with cover
holographic inside is not averse to new
technologies
but for him the sound of vinyl does not have
equal to that serious dramatic sound is another
thing like that
the sound packed the dance floors in the
the 70s and 80s but the LP came
in the 50's
the disc is made of plastic vinyl and
has grooves that guide the needle
turntable vibration is transformed into
electrical signal and then sound at the end
80's invention of the disco complex
cd promised greater capacity
durability and sound clarity and
called wafers have just been replaced
today in the technology era the media
have invaded the market and
further distanced the new
generations of the old analogue
low of the internet was a device he
300 400 songs makes a selection already does
cell return plans
the red hot villain the court has presence of the
he has said that the dollar in Brazil
last recorder closed the production of
vinyl in 1998 but contrary to what
a lot of people imagined they would not
disappeared from the market produced in
smallest scale in the world the video
became a rarity and object of worship
among those who never stopped
enjoy it
The businessman Luiz leverages a fierce
vinyl defender he owns a store
in São Paulo with more than 90 thousand titles
part was acquired just when the
lp production went into crisis
I made a great economic turn of the
my life what do you want to say?
even cd so i started investing in ccb
and bid in return for vinyl
hence I was the best deal of my life is
My subject doubled it.
according to Luísa, he looks for weight.
big but that's because his store is
specialized and has a very
specific squad still buy the disc
39 exchange but I think it cool to have the idol
with drugs in the room in Colombia in the
I do not know how to listen to a lot of
pretty cover because of this but have the
people who appreciate have a lot of
genetics that likes to listen with vinyl
that I am really is much more vibrant
It's even for bingo, so it's e.
collectors researchers
Boy, how come it's one thing?
equable right
is much better worked booklet
That thing then for who really
like in the non-abandonment of the market
a national record label reopened
the doors and now launches the four
the first discs of the new
all of the nation 's pop rock national zombie
big dog
pitty and fernanda takai the re-releases
already successful
I find a trace of nostalgia that is
interesting is almost a romanticism of and
the very short for the sonority by
quality and maintain that tradition of
vinyl that big disco of you see
so to attachments all together